- scary - smooth em back here again I
may get a lot of emails and you know
different comments about techniques of
my planning and voicings and the number
system in theory so this is the base of
this video is to kind of come compile
all the stuff together so you can see
what I'm doing I changed my voicings
I'll go with the number theory and all
that good stuff right here so we're
gonna be certain out of the key of G I'm
gonna show you the notes in the scale
and then how I play the chords and the
scale and how I make those chords so you
start and we'll count the numbers 1 2 3
8 but you don't really that's going back
to the 1 again you have your flat 7 and
so what I do is when I'm playing these
chords in the scale I changed my voicing
so we'll start out with G which will be
your 1 so it's gonna be your root a
minor B or to B minor B 2 3 C major will
be here for
the major be here 5 e minor B or 6 and
then have shock would be your 7 and your
flat 7 will be your ever
and while I'm playing so what I'll do is
I'll start out and I'll change my
voicing so we'll start with G and I'll
find various ways to play
not gone to the next or do the same
thing a minor B the same thing see
[Music]
II D minor
sure
[Music]
then message e or like I said the flat
seven will be your f
[Music]
so that again like I said going on
through the number system one will
always be your route so no matter what
what key you're in or whatever just know
that the one who's always gonna be over
so we'll play the chords again so
hopefully uh going through those
different exercise and those stick
things will kind of enhance what you're
doing like I said if you get any more
questions or any other feedback you can
leave a comment or you can email me
Kerry Katie rry the number two smooth s
mo th at gmail.com so hopefully that
helped you guys out man just let me know